feat: add badge component (#2305)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/badge/README.md

## Description

> Badges show a small amount of color-categorized metadata. They're ideal for getting a user's attention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<sp-badge>` elements display a small amount of color-categorized metadata. They're ideal for getting a user's attention.
```

### Usage

[![See it on NPM!](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spectrum-web-components/badge?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spectrum-web-components/badge)

> [![How big is this package in your project?](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@spectrum-web-components/badge?style=for-the-badge)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@spectrum-web-components/badge)

Reviewer: It'll be a follow up task (as it requires a release), but we should add a demo to webcomponents.dev. I can get you added to the Adobe Org so you can add it directly, once you set up an account there.

Author: https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components/issues/2319

```
yarn add @spectrum-web-components/badge
```

Import the side effectful registration of `<sp-badge>` via:

```
import '@spectrum-web-components/badge/sp-badge.js';
```

When looking to leverage the `Badge` base class as a type and/or for extension purposes, do so via:

```
import { Badge } from '@spectrum-web-components/badge';
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: For element with t-shirt sizing, we use an `<sp-tabs>` patters to feature all of the sizes here. Can you review https://spectrum-css--spectrum-web-components.netlify.app/components/action-button/#sizes for that?

> Badges should always have a label for accessibility and clear comprehension.

Reviewer: Could a badge be simply an icon? In which case the Badge or the Icon would need `aria-label` or similar to also prove the accessibility of the delivery...

Author: The [spec](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/badge/#Label) says a badge "should always have a label," but also demonstrates icon-only badges.

I think specifying aria should probably be done by the user, if the user opts to omit a label - right? eg:

```html
<sp-badge aria-label="filters enabled">
  <sp-icon-checkmark-circle slot="icon"></sp-icon-checkmark-circle>
</sp-badge>
```

Reviewer: Yes. `sp-icon-*` also accept a `label` attribute.
